Sorry I'm late.
You just got started
The disciples of the four seals are not ordinary people
You can't be brave
He hurt the red fish like this
This blood debt
I'm going to get it back no matter what
According to the rules of this dance
If I win, I can specify the challenge to others
Yes, but only if you can win
I'm in a hurry.
You go together
I want to type ten
Ten want to be the savior, it's up to you
young and frivolous
Do you know how to write the word death?
Louder, since he has to court death
Why don't we follow his wishes?
You go together
Send him on his way
What's he doing?
These are all elite disciples who eloped
One person poisoned 10 in a row
This is our last resort
It seems that the defeat has long been
Yeah.
Among a group of Wuhe
Your arrows
Too slow.
This
That's not possible.
Did you see it clearly?
How did he get that sword just now?
Can't see clearly
I didn't even see the afterimage of the sword wielding
This figure
Master